A note on groups: Both the web server and the Django management
commands should be run from the same group.

This is designed to be run behind Apache.  Apache will handle
authentication, using htaccess files generated by

manage.py prestart

A sample apache config is in the file apache-config.

(1) Puzzle files live in PUZZLE_PATH -- one per directory.  They get
hard-linked TEAM_PATH upon unlock.

(2) Puzzles live in the database in the solving_puzzles table.  Their
ID is generated by hashing their pony name.  This allows puzzles
to be swapped by changing the title without changing the pony name

(3) Relevant URLs are:

For solvers, simply going to / and logging in with their
username/password will show their team's index.  This is set up by
manage.py prestart (intended to be run at ~ 11:00 the day of the hunt)
and manage.py start (run at ~12:30, to actually start the hunt).

Also for solvers, /dynamic/solving/callin?puzzle=ID_of_puzzle
gives an appropriate callin page.  Of course, we'll need to template
that a bit.  /dynamic/solving/general gives a general callin page with
a list of specific reasons that someone might want to call in.

There's also /dynamic/solving/points which shows the number of points
a team has.  Event points can be seen on the callin page, where they
are used to buy answers.

Admins (those logged in as ADMIN_NAME/ADMIN_PASSWORD) are treated a
bit differently -- they can see each team's view of the hunt under
/users/[team_id].  They can also go to /dynamic/admin and see the
Django admin site.  This lets admins mark requests as handled.  When a
correct answer is called in and marked as handled, the unlock function
(in models.py) is called -- this lets the software unlock puzzles
according to some reasonable set of rules.

Admins can also track teams' progress on the big board at
/dynamic/admin/board .  That won't really show much until there are
some puzzles and metapuzzles in the database.  For each team, it shows
each meta, in green if solved, with the number of round puzzles solved
for that round.  For matrixed metas, it also shows the number of
matrixed puzzles solved.

The admin site supports physical object distribution, answer callin, and
general request callin, as well as puzzle admin.  I think we plan to
manage various appointments via a Google spreadsheet or calendar.
